using System.Collections;
using System.Collections.Generic;
using UnityEngine;

public class FirstScript : MonoBehaviour {

	// Use this for initialization
	void Start () {
		
	}                                                                                                                                                                 
	
	// Update is called once per frame
	void Update () {
		
	}
}

//Here is what I understand from class, which is not much but I am trying. I do see now what was said about this being english. I understand variable from already knowing 
the language. So in a function like print, a variable is the changable part of the code. The thing that can be changed as a insert here type thing. So I can use  Int to 
define a changing number to tell the user how much of something the player or a object in the code has. I could use names as a variable and once you define the name
that object is know related to it. 

//Here is what I understand of If statments. First i feel like i should mention that I feel like I understand alittle better because of my speach and debate years 
where If-Than statements could make up a whole monolauge. Basiclly this type of programming is entirely based on setting conditions for certrain events. So you could have
something happen only if a player meets certain conditions. A simple example would be if you had a character objects and said that if a player tries to talk to them and has 
a certain object like a sword the character could print "nice sword."
This is basically coniditional situations that have changes based on certian variables. 
The book gives the coffee example. If your have a cup of coffee and it is above a certain temp you have the print say "Its too hot" and you cannot drink it
if it is a good temperature then you can drink it
if it is too cold it oculd print 'it is too cold." and ou cant drink it 

So far all i have seen of it is simple variable changes with one line code changes but I imagine this is used to define every variable in games. Catalouging a players
present self and running scenarios based on that

//Even Clauses So here is what I understand of Even Cluases, keeping in mind that we're thinking of If statments as branch off code that only appears if certain 
conditions are true. If those conidtions are met or true that we get the branch off If statments
If they are false that is where our even clause defualts the code too. So if it is raining the character can pull out an unbrella, they system will check and see if the code
for rain is running, no its not so its a false statment and it will default to refusing to let you pull out your umbrella. 
There is one example, lets simplify this. Lets say you are playing pokemon and you walk up to a character if its true you have your first pokemon you can do battle (that would
be the branch code if statement) BUt we havent gotten to professor Oak yet so the code reads that this is a false statement and defaults to the main code that has you ignore 
that character and move on.
In a simple game it could be if they have clicked 10 times then print out that they clicked 10 times and if they havent the even clause will be "No clicks." because its the
default. 

but you havents seleted 
